.TH PASSFORMAT-TO-CSV 1 "2024-01-25" "version 1.0" "Pass to Bitwarden CSV Converter Manual"
.SH NAME
pass-to-bitwarden-csv \- Convert Pass format data to Bitwarden CSV format.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B passformat-to-csv
.RI [ options ]...

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The \fBpass-to-bitwarden-csv\fR script is used to convert password data in a specific format (referred to as "passformat") into a Bitwarden CSV file. It is especially designed to work with password entries retrieved using the \fBpass\fR command-line utility. The script can append data to an existing CSV file, ensuring the format consistency and avoiding header duplication.

.SH OPTIONS
.PP
.TP
.B \-\-pass_entry
The pass entry to retrieve data from. This is a required argument.
.TP
.B \-\-folder
Folder field value for the CSV. This is an optional argument.
.TP
.B \-\-favorite
Favorite field value for the CSV. This is an optional argument.
.TP
.B \-\-type
Type field value for the CSV. This is an optional argument.
.TP
.B \-\-name
Name field value for the CSV. This is a required argument.
.TP
.B \-\-notes
Notes field value for the CSV. This is an optional argument.
.TP
.B \-\-fields
Fields field value for the CSV. This is an optional argument.
.TP
.B \-\-reprompt
Reprompt field value for the CSV. This is an optional argument.

.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
Convert a pass entry named "my_pass_entry" with the name "Example Site":
.RS
.nf
\fB./script.py \-\-pass_entry "my_pass_entry" \-\-name "Example Site" \-\-folder "Personal" \-\-type "Login"\fR
.fi
.RE
.PP
Convert another pass entry named "another_pass_entry" with the name "Another Site":
.RS
.nf
\fB./script.py \-\-pass_entry "another_pass_entry" \-\-name "Another Site" \-\-favorite "Yes" \-\-notes "My notes"\fR
.fi
.RE

.SH INPUT FORMAT
.PP
The input data in "passformat" should contain:
.RS
.nf
Password
Username: someusername
URL: https://someurl.com
otpauth://...
.fi
.RE
.PP
The first line contains the password, followed by other fields like username, URL, and otpauth, each prefixed with their field name and a colon.

.SH OUTPUT FORMAT
.PP
The output is a CSV file with columns for folder, favorite, type, name, notes, fields, reprompt, login_uri, login_username, login_password, and login_totp.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PP
\fBpass(1)\fR, \fBcsv(5)\fR

.SH AUTHOR
.PP
This manual page was written by ScourgeTheTracker.

.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
.PP
Report bugs to https://github.com/scourgethetracker/pass2bitwarden/issues.

.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyleft © 2024 by ScourgeTheTracker. All rights reserved.

